README.md, before:

# Hello Everyone

## This is our project Health-Vault

### Team Members

- [Prathmesh Chougale](https://www.linkedin.com/in/prathamesh-chougale)
- [Uday Berad](https://www.linkedin.com/in/uday-berad-108661238/)
- [Chaitanya Asole](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chaitanya-asole/)
- [Shreyash Chopade](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shreyash-chopade-373828224/)

### Project Description

- This project is a health management system that helps users to keep track of their health records and also provides a platform to connect with doctors and book appointments.
- The project is built using Next.js, MongoDB, Clerk, Tailwind CSS, Vercel, Sanity, Acerternity ui, Shadcn ui, Edge Store, and Gemini Api.
- The project is hosted on Vercel and the database is hosted on MongoDB Atlas.
- The project is built for the Alphabyte hackathon.


### Tech Stack

1. Next.js
2. MongoDB
3. Clerk
4. Tailwind CSS
5. Vercel
6. Sanity
7. Acerternity ui
8. Shadcn ui
9. Edge Store
10. Gemini Api

### Project Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Run the following command

```terminal
npm install
```

3. Run

```terminal
npm run dev
```

## Blockchain Integration in the Healthcare System
  The blockchain component of this project ensures secure, tamper-proof, and decentralized storage of medical records, enhancing data integrity and patient control over their sensitive health          information.

Commit message:

Incorporate blockchain overview section explaining decentralized storage and data integrity

README.md, after:

# Hello Everyone

## This is our project Health-Vault

### Team Members

- [Prathmesh Chougale](https://www.linkedin.com/in/prathamesh-chougale)
- [Uday Berad](https://www.linkedin.com/in/uday-berad-108661238/)
- [Chaitanya Asole](https://www.linkedin.com/in/chaitanya-asole/)
- [Shreyash Chopade](https://www.linkedin.com/in/shreyash-chopade-373828224/)

### Project Description

- This project is a health management system that helps users to keep track of their health records and also provides a platform to connect with doctors and book appointments.
- The project is built using Next.js, MongoDB, Clerk, Tailwind CSS, Vercel, Sanity, Acerternity ui, Shadcn ui, Edge Store, and Gemini Api.
- The project is hosted on Vercel and the database is hosted on MongoDB Atlas.
- The project is built for the Alphabyte hackathon.


### Tech Stack

1. Next.js
2. MongoDB
3. Clerk
4. Tailwind CSS
5. Vercel
6. Sanity
7. Acerternity ui
8. Shadcn ui
9. Edge Store
10. Gemini Api

### Project Setup

1. Clone the repository
2. Run the following command

```terminal
npm install
```

3. Run

```terminal
npm run dev
```



 # Blockchain Integration in the Healthcare System

  The blockchain component of this project ensures secure, tamper-proof, and decentralized storage of medical records, enhancing data integrity and patient control over their sensitive health          information.

# Blockchain Overview

  - Blockchain technology provides a decentralized system for recording data.
  - Each transaction is stored in blocks.
  - Blocks are linked together through cryptographic hashes.
  - These linked blocks form a chain (blockchain).
  - Any alteration to a block is detectable due to the hash linking.
  - This ensures that medical records cannot be modified without patient consent.
